docs: Add e2e framework guidelines (#53)
redhat-appstudio/e2e-tests: docs/OpenshiftCI.md

# Intro

This document overviews the workflow for onboarding new public Red Hat App Studio repositories to the Openshift CI/Prow. Prow is the k8s-native upstream CI system, source code hosted in the kubernetes/test-infra repository. Prow interacts with GitHub to provide the automation UX that developers use on their pull requests, as well as orchestrating test workloads for those pull requests.

## Steps to create an openshift-ci jobs

> In Red Hat Appstudio github organization it is installed globally the openshift-ci app and openshift-ci-robot and openshift-merge-robot are invited as collaborators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Openshift-ci is already enabled for all repositories in [Red Hat Appstudio organization](https://github.com/redhat-appstudio). For adding new jobs you need to create job configuration in [openshift/release](https://github.com/openshift/release) repo as described in following steps.
```
